---
layout: post
title:  "Two Wheels, Two Feet"
date:   2013-09-11 02:21:40
categories: bikes, bicycles, two wheels, two feet
---

Everyone, and I do mean everyone, has some memory of bicycles from their childhood. For me, the majority of those memories took place on dirt paths amongst trees and piles of leaves where I feared the creatures living within (you know, like squirrels). I had a worse-than-noname bike my mother bought from a fellow Korean American small business owner for an "acceptable" price to pay for a 6 year old's bike - about $20.

It didn't matter tho, I was 8 (*this number will continue to change*). I had a bike! A shiny chrome BMX bike with a saddle, pedals, and spoke wheels. It even had the tube rollers on the crossbar and toptube, to protect my 8 year old face and nuts! At least, it didn't matter until the neighborhood kids saw it. I remember rolling it out to meet the friends down the street, how they had looks of jealousy on their faces when they weren't being blinded by the light reflecting off the frame. Then the only other kid who was able to read (he was still an idiot), read the label on the down tube, "Fling O! What's a Fling O?". "It's Flying-O". "I never heard of Fling O, it's stupid". After some awkward insults were exchanged, I walked my bike with the checkerboard finishline flag style tube covers home feeling decisively less proud. A little bit of my 9 and a half year old heart died that day.

When all the kids were away on their family vacations, when I was the only kid not going anywhere for summer break, I'd ride the bike, now stripped of it's stickers. I went on long rides along the reservoir, along the train tracks, up the dirt trails we built near the "haunted" house. In those moments, I grew defiant in my own way. It didn't matter my well meaning parents didn't understand the cruelty of children. When I got a flat, I learned how to ride through it - the rims were heavy tank treads that didn't care if it was rolling over rocks, sparking little fires up and down my street. When the dirt tires went bald, I learned to two wheel drift through corners. There was a small sliver of time when I was actually king of the neighborhood. I was able to out race any kid on their Redlines, Haros, GTs or Mongeese.

A girl in school tricked me into liking her. We'd pass notes in the hallway between classes, talk on the phone after school constantly (interupted by the occassional screams to my mother to "get off the phone!"). I liked her so much, I decided I was going to ride my bike all the way across town to make it to her pool party and not suffer the embarassment of having my mom drive me in our beat up station wagon. I rode up her driveway and courteously placed my bike against her garage door instead of dropping it on the ground like I normally do. Had to make a good impression on her parents after all. We swam, I snuck a red faced peek at the front of her swimsuit and then our friends forced us to go "get some soda". Yes we kissed, but we also literally got soda. I was going to leave early to make it home before dark. I was going to fly home afterwards to give her a call. She walked with me to her driveway then froze. She was staring at my shiny chrome bike neatly propped up against her garage door.

A 12 year old shouldn't be riding a bike. I mean, we have parents at our beck and call to drive us around right?

---


Several of years ago, I started work at a startup in San Francisco. My wife and I had just had our second baby child and I'd over done the sympathy weight gain. My coworkers (who are all good friends now) were all active and fit so I tentatively asked a few of them for advice on buying a bike. Just something I could use to occassionally commute, and ride around on the weekends with the boys. It had been decades since I'd touched a bicycle but I found myself gravitating towards a single speed BMX for grown ups. 

When the family was out of town on their annual visit to the in laws', I found myself on a staggered travel schedule because of work. On weekends and after hours, I went on long rides along the reservoir, underneath the elevated rail tracks, up dirt trails nearby "hanted" houses decorated for Halloween. The single speed got it's handlebars chopped, and bar ends were installed then removed. Aero bars were installed then removed (after some very funny looks were thrown my way). Weight was lost, tools were bought, and the neighborhood we were raising our sons in grew "familiar".

---

The 6 year old with the $20 bike became the 36 year old buying the $200 bike (for his 6 year old). Instead of being tricked by a girl into liking her, I've convinced a woman to love me. Seasonal New Jersey became temperate California, and the BMX style single speed is now a growing fleet of 7 and 10 speed surrogates for a track car. There's parallels between these cyclical changes and the rotating of wheels and feet while cycling, carrying us forward.