---
layout: post
title:  (╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻
date:   2014-03-25
categories: sketch, UI, experience design
---

limits are a funny thing

Being unhappy is costly. Sometimes relationships fall apart, sometimes business plans go south, sometimes that last cupcake is devoured by your newest mortal enemy.
Setting aside empathy for a moment, there is no better test of a person's temperament than frustration. Some people confront while some people escape.
New management at work has a different vision? Quit; there's plenty of other opportunities out there. Lover now sees your "charms" as "quirks"? Forget it; there'll always be someone who loves you as you are. Baker didn't expect the bacon carrot cupcake to be so popular? Skip it; no one ever said some (miniscule) amount of sugar was actually good for you.
The secret to happiness is always so obvious to those that have discovered it.
There's a step between recognizing you're unhappy and doing something about it. Like most things emotional, it's not a binary system, it's a spectrum. Being unhappy triggers a cascade of thoughts and emotions:

"Is it my fault?"
"Is it their fault?"
"Hell, if it's no one's fault, that means it's everyone's fault!"
"Are they as unhappy as I am?"
"No? Well why the hell not?"
"No one understands me."
"Ok, enough complaining what should I do about it?"
"Screw it!"

(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻

!!!

---

…

┬─┬ノ( º _ ºノ)

Setting the table right doesn't mean you're no longer unhappy. It's simply an indicator that your inner animal was defeated by your human self. You're moving on to being consumed by the unhappiness or correcting it. The all-too-overlooked aspect of having arrived to this point is that this is a highly personal process.

The most empathetic hearts in the world can't turn that table over for you.
The secret to your happiness is only obvious when you discover it. For better or for worse you're moving on, and progress is often, ultimately good for you.