{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red74\green74\blue74;\red19\green153\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c36078\c36078\c36078;\cssrgb\c0\c67451\c100000;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14260\viewh16560\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \

\f1\b MIN CHANG
\f0\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
www.itsmin.com\
http://linkd.in/1g0DQpX\
itsmin@gmail.com\
415.868.5141\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'97\'97\'97\'97\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\f1\b TL;DR
\f0\b0 \
\
\
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
I offer uncompromising visual solutions to conceptual problems. My portfolio demonstrates 22 years of professional design work for an unmatched breadth in audience. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
I\'92m driven by a need to exercise a high degree of creativity and craftsmanship. \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'97\'97\'97\'97\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 INDUSTRIOUS
\f0\b0 \
\
\
GE DIGITAL\
2017 \'97 current\
Senior Designer\
\
At BHGE Digital (GE\'92s Oil & Gas division) my primary role was to architect and produce the BHGE design system known as \'93Mantle\'94. Mantle was initially an extension of Predix that evolved as industry specific needs arose. In the day-to-day, I created forward looking visions of the UIs, then rolled my sleeves up to produce the designs. \
\
More recently, I\'92ve become obsessed with data visualizations and the \'93human impact\'94 side of analytics and apply this obsession in the work I do for the Data Science team. \
\
\
\'97\'97\'97\'97\
\

\f1\b ENTERTAINING WORK
\f0\b0 \
\
\
GRACENOTE\
2014 \'97 2016\
Principal Product Design\
\
In 2014 Tribune Media Services acquired, then rebranded as Gracenote. During this transition, I adapted to an individual contributor role, taking on a Product Management title and responsibilities in addition to my functions in User Experience. \
\
I found where, I was needed and facilitated collaboration between the groups, offices and individuals of the new Gracenote. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 On Entertainment \cf2 \
\cf4 showcase.onthedemo.com \cf2 \
\
\'97\'97\
\
TRIBUNE MEDIA SERVICES\
2008 \'97 2014\
Director of User Experience\
\
I was the sole design resource for a consumer website that, at peak, had over 4 million unique monthly visitors. In addition to UX and UI executions, I also produced the live front- end code (HTML, CSS, JS). \
\
In 2011 CastTV was acquired by Tribune Media Services, a data company. At TMS I advocated for UX and Design as a function across the company. \
\
\cf3 www.casttv.com \cf2 \
\cf4 itsmin.com/p/casttv.pdf \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Video Matching Service to Offline Counterpart \cf2 \
\cf4 https://bit.ly/2Sx4CNB \cf2 \
\
\'97\'97\
\
GOLD CARTRIDGE LLC / EFFECT GAMES LLC\
2007 \'97 2011\
Co-Founder\
\
GoldCartridge designed and produced original games for the browser and for iOS. We also produced original games and marketing materials for clients such as Namco Bandai and Google. \
\
Effect Games developed and supported a custom DHTML 2D game engine that ran natively in the browser several years prior to the advent of HTML5 and CSS3. \
\
\
\'97\'97\'97\'97\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 AD_VENTURES\

\f0\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 Advertising Technology Companies
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
2004 \'97 2008\
\
Moving from the east coast also meant a change in career direction. At 
\f1\b IPIX
\f0\b0 , I helped conceive and produce a product portfolio that was the basis of an employee lead spin off. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 AdMission Corporation
\f0\b0 \'92s assets, applications and the IP I\'92d helped design, were eventually acquired and are still in use today. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Ad Technology Archives \cf2 \
\cf4 itsmin.com/p/admission.pdf \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\'97\'97\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 Interactive Design Agencies
\f0\i0 \cf2 \
1997 \'97 2003\
\
Prior to moving to California, I worked as an information architect and art director for ten years at 
\f1\b Agency.com
\f0\b0 , 
\f1\b Barbarian Group
\f0\b0  and 
\f1\b MCD Partners
\f0\b0  amongst other agencies. \
\
My clients included brands such as 
\f1\b Tiffany & Co.
\f0\b0 , 
\f1\b LEGO
\f0\b0 , 
\f1\b Sephora
\f0\b0 , 
\f1\b MetLife
\f0\b0 , 
\f1\b Nike
\f0\b0  and 
\f1\b AOL
\f0\b0 . \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Agency Archives \cf2 \
\cf4 itsmin.com/p/lego.pdf \
itsmin.com/p/tiffany.pdf \cf2 \
\
\
\'97\'97\'97\'97\
\
AWARDS\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 ONE SHOW, INTERACTIVE MERIT\
1998 Corporate Image B2C \
MetLife \
\
COMMUNICATION ARTS, INTERACTIVE ANNUAL 9\
Business Category \
Tiffany Mark Watch\cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
\
}